Question 1
original: Give me all taikonauts.
expanded: Give me all  the Chinese astronauts.

Question 2
original: How many languages are spoken in Colombia?
expanded: Are there a lot of different languages used in Colombia?

Question 3
original: Which poet wrote the most books?
expanded: SMALL

Question 4
original: How many programming languages are there?
expanded: What is the number of computer programming codes that exist in the world?

Question 5
original: Give me all Dutch parties.
expanded: Give me every Dutch party.

Question 6
original: When was Carlo Giuliani shot?
expanded: When was Carlo Giuliani murdered?

Question 7
original: Does the Isar flow into a lake?
expanded: does the Isar run into a lake

Question 8
original: Which rivers flow into a German lake?
expanded: Which estuary stream into a German lake?

Question 9
original: How heavy is Jupiter's lightest moon?
expanded: How much does Jupiter's lighters moon weight?

Question 10
original: Who is the youngest Darts player?
expanded: Who is the littlest Darts player?

Question 11
original: Give me all animals that are extinct.
expanded: What are species of animals that don't exist anymore?

Question 12
original: How many pages does War and Peace have?
expanded: What is the number of pages in the novel "War and Peace"?

Question 13
original: Which ingredients do I need for carrot cake?
expanded: What items do I need to make a carrot cake?

Question 14
original: What is the most frequent death cause?
expanded: What is the most common reason that people die?

Question 15
original: Who has Tom Cruise been married to?
expanded: What women have wed Tom Cruise?

Question 16
original: Who is the tallest player of the Atlanta Falcons?
expanded: Who is the highest standing player of the Atlanta Falcons?

Question 17
original: What is the bridge with the longest span?
expanded: What is the overpass with the lengthiest stretch?

Question 18
original: Give me all films produced by Steven Spielberg with a budget of at least $80 million.
expanded: Give me all the movies produced by Steven Spielberg that had budges of at least $80 Million

Question 19
original: Is Cola a beverage?
expanded: Is Cola a drink? 

Question 20
original: Which actor was casted in the most movies?
expanded: What actor has acted in the most motion pictures?

Question 21
original: Where was Bach born?
expanded: What was the location of Bach's birth?

Question 22
original: Which of Tim Burton's films had the highest budget?
expanded: Which of Tim Burton's films had the largest budget?

Question 23
original: Does Abraham Lincoln's death place have a website?
expanded: Is there a website for the place Abraham Lincoln died?

Question 24
original: Who are the four youngest MVP basketball players?
expanded: Who are the four least old MVP NBA ballers? 

Question 25
original: What are the top-10 action role-playing video games according to IGN?
expanded: What are the top-10 action RPG according to IGN?

Question 26
original: Give me all actors who were born in Berlin.
expanded: Who are all of the actors that are from Berlin?

Question 27
original: Give me all actors who were born in Paris after 1950.
expanded: Give me all Parisian actors older than 65 years.

Question 28
original: What was Brazil's lowest rank in the FIFA World Ranking?
expanded: What was Brazil's least rank in the FIFA  World Ranking?

Question 29
original: Give me all Australian metalcore bands.
expanded: Tell me all Aussie heavy metal groups

Question 30
original: When is Halloween?
expanded: What date is halloween?

Question 31
original: How many inhabitants does the largest city in Canada have?
expanded: How many people does the biggest city in Canada have?

Question 32
original: In which countries can you pay using the West African CFA franc?
expanded: In which country can you buy thing using the west African CFA Franc?

Question 33
original: Give me the capitals of all countries that the Himalayas run through.
expanded: Name the capitals cities that run through famous mountians.

Question 34
original: Who was the first to climb Mount Everest?
expanded: Which human initially climbed Mount Everest?

Question 35
original: To which artistic movement did the painter of The Three Dancers belong?
expanded: Which artistic style did the person who created the painting The Three dancers fall under?

Question 36
original: Which pope succeeded John Paul II?
expanded: Of all the popes, who came after J.P the second?

Question 37
original: What was the last movie with Alec Guinness?
expanded: What was the most recent film that starred Alec Guinness?

Question 38
original: How many James Bond movies are there?
expanded: how much james bond movies are there

Question 39
original: Which actor played Chewbacca?
expanded: Who was the actor of Chewy?

Question 40
original: Give me the grandchildren of Bruce Lee.
expanded: What are the names of Bruce Lees' grandchildren?

Question 41
original: Give me all writers that won the Nobel Prize in literature.
expanded: Provide me with a complete list of authors winning the Nobel Prize in Literature.

Question 42
original: What is the official color of the University of Oxford?
expanded: What is the accredited color of the University of Oxford?

Question 43
original: Give me all Swedish oceanographers.
expanded: Show me a list of scientist from Sweden who study physical and biological aspects of the seas.

Question 44
original: How deep is Lake Placid?
expanded: What is the depth of Lake placid?

Question 45
original: Is James Bond married?
expanded: Is James bond committed in matrimony?

Question 46
original: Which spaceflights were launched from Baikonur?
expanded: what trips to space departed out of baikonur

Question 47
original: Give me all actors called Baldwin.
expanded: Show me any actors named Baldwin.

Question 48
original: What does CPU stand for?
expanded: What does CPU mean?

Question 49
original: In which studio did the Beatles record their first album?
expanded: In which recording booth did the Beatles record their initial record?

Question 50
original: How many gold medals did Michael Phelps win at the 2008 Olympics?
expanded: How many gold medals did Michael Phelps achieve at Beijing 2008?
